belga
it's a stand hi to all and fabien I
present you today a new
exclusive on the game in famous second
sounds that my videos are happening in
the chronological order this one happens
a little further and pay two
previous when you come from
drain the nuclei relay that
find at the very beginning of the bridge you do
turn around and thanks for using this
freshly acquired power saw us
jump x when you're on a car
for your propulsed in the air
and well you will use this clean
newly acquired power to be able to
go up to the bridge to be at
the tunnel entrance and when you are
in front of the tunnel entrance you re
use a car using
other new times where you
propelling in the air and there you go
to be propelled to where I am
currently ie in fact
you are above the tunnel in the
little mountains to puteaux is there you
try to make your way through
using your smoke power for
to be able to go above
the entrance to the tunnel is so once
you are above the entrance to the
tunnel
here it's not textures and you're going
so be able to roll over the mountain
to be above the bridge but to
inside of it and so next
you have a beautiful surface to explore
so this surface does not lead everything leads
nothing since if you ever go too much
far it makes you start again and where you
so were we starting over to the point of
account
and if you do not go further
here it is really all black and if
I'll never shift you a little
too far right or left of the tunnel well
you will simply fall in
water and it will be over but that's it
even a very nice job prégent I
offers you in exclusivity I hope
that you will like it so here are the friends
I hope pci where you will have liked me
see you again soon for
next stupidity to study